README.md, before:

# OFSim
Orbital Flight Simulator

**Things To Do**

ASAP:
1. Fix initial rocket orientation code. Rocket should be parallel to the normal vector at a point on the sphere. Additional correction shlouldn't be needed.
2. The rotation of the rocket does not completely coincide with the rotation of the thrust vector.

Less urgent:
1. Saving files in the source code editor. Currently, the editor only displays the loaded program text.
2. Correcting the position of the sun and moon. Currently, they are located polar to the planet, despite maintaining the correct distances.

**plans for the future**

**Change list**

0.24.1 - Fully working VM integration.

0.24.0 - Restore a previously removed virtual machine.

0.23.2 - Serious code reactorings: remove quaternions, and simplification of the inital rocket orientation code.

0.23.1 - Fixes in the planet texturying. Chaneg size of the planet. point (0, 0, 0) is now in the center of the planet and the origin of the simulation.

0.23.0 - Python integration. Remove Virtual Machine.

0.22.2 - Fixes simulation resetting process. Now full reset is possible when simulation is stopped.

0.22.1 - Code editor line numbers

Commit message:

working on README.md - more detailed description

README.md, after:

# OFSim
Orbital Flight Simulator

** Introduction **
The idea of the program is to simulate ballistic flights (including orbital) of a rocket in the gravitational field of a planet with parameters similar to Earth.
The rocket is controlled by a specially designed virtual computer(virtual machine).
Rocket control involves writing programs in the assembly language of the virtual machine.
The assembly program has access to the computer's memory, where telemetry data of the rocket's flight is stored.Based on this data,
the program can issue commands to the rocket, such as changing the direction and length of the thrust vector, controlling a set of rotating gyroscopes in orbit, etc.

Additionally, in addition to the built-in assembly language, it is possible to write flight programs in Python.


The program includes a special mode that displays a graph of the aircraft's predicted trajectory. 
The simulation is performed in real time and on a real scale.

**screenshots**

![Trajectory prediction mode](https://github.com/jradlak/OFSim/blob/master/doc/Images/trajectoryPrediction.jpg)

**Things To Do**

ASAP:
1. Fix initial rocket orientation code. Rocket should be parallel to the normal vector at a point on the sphere. Additional correction shlouldn't be needed.
2. The rotation of the rocket does not completely coincide with the rotation of the thrust vector.

Less urgent:
1. Saving files in the source code editor. Currently, the editor only displays the loaded program text.
2. Correcting the position of the sun and moon. Currently, they are located polar to the planet, despite maintaining the correct distances.

**Plans for the future:**

1. Simulation of the entire solar system in real time and at true scale. Currently, the simulator only includes the Earth, Moon and Sun.
2. Dynamics of the Solar system in real time.
3. Better rocket flight control programs, including more types of orbits, gravity assists, etc. 
4. Better physics simulation. Right now the rocket is physically treated as a ball of variable mass. The forces acting on the rocket do not take into account its shape and mass distribution. 
5. Ability to build your own spaceships.
6. Better graphics

**Changelog:**

0.24.1 - Fully working VM integration.
0.24.0 - Restore a previously removed virtual machine.
0.23.2 - Serious code reactorings: remove quaternions, and simplification of the inital rocket orientation code.
0.23.1 - Fixes in the planet texturying. Change size of the planet. Point (0, 0, 0) is now in the center of the planet and the origin of the simulation.
0.23.0 - Python integration. Remove Virtual Machine.
0.22.2 - Fixes simulation resetting process. Now full reset is possible when simulation is stopped.
0.22.1 - Code editor line numbers.
